Added an option to say score (from 1 to 100). Maybe to learn how to play?
Music quiz game rewriting, with a number of changes:
1. You keep playing until you fail as long as there is music to play.
2. Music will no longer repeat itself anymore.
3. You now get a beatcoin prize and a safeguard prize if you're good.
4. fix memory leak

Due to a minor bug in the download packs function, you will need to use the most recent versions of beatstar to download the newest packs. You will know this because the file is called hashes.packdata, instead of hashes.packInformation or hashes.db
Fix memory leak in pack editor
Major change in how beatstar handles keys in the game, you will no longer fail if you press a key that is not one of the action keys.
Fixed double or nothing language files.
Fix an error with spanish and tts
Enabled automatic error reports system.
I managed to get auto detect screen reader working, I think.

Fix beat the code
fix football


Version 7.5.2
Fixed a bug in wealthy chance, hopefully

version 7.5.1
Fixed problem with pack editor
fixed a problem with the learn pack option and the keyboard layout
Fixed the achievements menu not returning to main menu

Version 7.5.0
You can now see the list of changes from the main menu.

there is a reward now, when you open the game and there is an older save present.
If using screen reader, speech is ducked as soon as the game tries to speak. It will remain ducked for the whole time, as it is impossible to detect when the reader is done speaking. You should still hear the music, though.
Beatstar memory is back!
You can now press t during a game to know how long the game's been lasting.
There is now a menu option to disable reading music from disk, which will eliminate the silence experienced at the end of music files.
Added a settings option to decide whether the tts interrupts when pressing keys. Any key, that is.
You can now use escape to interrupt speech if using tts regardless of interrupt setting.
new mission: Tap tap at quick tap
Total beatcoins are now announced when you win or lose coins.
I made a cool infrastructure for future minigames to use mission credits. Maybe I can set up some sort of mission credit rewards as well, but expect mission credits to be acquired mostly by completing the dynamic missions.
Wealthy chance minigame is back, and it now costs mission credits to play because the prizes are high. Hint: The bank may offer a surprise!
Fixed a long standing and very very annoying problem, browse mode is now automatically disabled!
Missions system enabled, with a couple of missions that you'll discover as you play. There are currently 7 missions which give you mission credits as your mission level increases. Mission credits do nothing right now.
The stats system is taking shape. You can now see your stats, which are things like total played time, etc.
There is now a settings menu at the bottom, to clean up the huge main menu of seamingly endless options which includes things like pack directory, language, the new keyboard layout option, etc.
Fixed a problem where tutorial sounds would not play.
In the learn pack menu you can now press shift to hear the countersound.
You can now use an alternative keyboard layout which uses e, d, r, f, and optionally i, k, j, l as alternative keys for beatstar. This has been a long time coming and I am ashamed not to have made it sooner. I made it this way instead of a remapping option so that players don't use in game keys as action keys, etc. Hopefully, it's enough.
Fixed a bug inin game  save, if the option was not enabled, the save would fail but you wouldn't be able to perform any more keyboard actions, resulting in... Well.

Version 6.0.0
Fixed a misleading message that said if you want to change the ingame language you must delete your save. This is no longer true and can be done in the main menu.
fixed a cosmetic bug in ready set go, where time would display as 2 seconds instead of 3. Bugger! this did not affect the game, though.
Fixed a bug where the save function (s during a game) would still allow you to  fail once more and waste a possible safeguard when pressing enter to get rid of the "saved!" message.
Added an audio locator which plays before each level starts, to give you an idea of what the ideal beat rhythm is. Such is the power of event driven code instead of traditional timers.
fixed a bug where pack quizz would let you play even if you had less than 5 packs with more than 1  level unlocked.
Audio ducking works properly now.

Finally music files now  "stream" so beatstar loads faster than it ever did.
Reworked the way beatstar synchronizes loops so that it never gets out of sync (unless the pack maker gets their beats wrong!). the way it's done now is that, every time the new loop plays, the game ensures that its timers are in sync.
Fixed a bunch of small design errors like music fade times.
Music files for the levels now stream instead of being loaded into memory in their entirety which will (hopefully) make for a smoother beatstarring experience. This has the side effect of them not being able to pitch down while pausing or failing, which is just a minor inconvenience I think.
Removed question when setting up the game if you wanted to change the pack folder as it confused people, just go to the menu to change it.
rewrote the directory handling tool so that it more accurately checks for errors and doesn't freeze up the game.
Beatstar should no longer wrongly say that there are "x" packs to download when you already have all the packs.
Fixed a bunch of errors opening and loading and saving files.
Beatstar now saves screen reader vs tts preference.
added a new branch (local, not available in the gitlab repo yet), for the keep the beat game.
The resynchronize function for the music timers runs every 32 frames per second. This should be ok for everyone and only changes 1 timer, there is no game loop anymore, meaning that the CPU usage should be more efficient. The keyboard check function is now only executed whenever you actually press the keyboard, to make up for this change. In other words, good stuff. Event driven code and all that.

Version 5.0
Sadly, old save files are no longer compatible. I am sorry for this, however the new stuff I'm working on will "hopefully" make people want to start over.
Added shortcuts for some main menu options which select that option inmediately, for example 1 start game, 3 minigames, etc.
I need to add missions and statistics and credits which allow you to unlock one free pack per credit.
Added audio ducking support to the menus which changes the volume of the music slightly  while the tts speaks. Note that this will not work if you are using a screen reader to speak, as the game has no control over that.
It is now possible to remap your keyboard from within the main menu, in case you can't use the original tab space enter backspace layout.


Version 4.0 
You can now change the voice that the game will use. It will show voices belonging to  the language the game is set to, and will change to the first available voice of the language you select, if you change it. It supports English and Spanish, because so far there haven't been any other translations from players.

Text to speech delay has been greatly reduced.
Fixed another potential issue regarding game delays that had to do with  loading more levels than it should.
You can now change the language from the main menu, because why not?
You can now relocate your beatstar packs library to an external drive, yay!
It is recommended that your beatpacks folder is either on your internal drive or an ssd external drive.
TTS Speech now stops when an option in the main menu is selected.
Fixed a bad problem with playSync
Added new minigame pack quizz.
I have been fixing beatstar's functions for catching key presses. Hopefully this will result in much less CPU use and more precise key timings (there used to be some problems with mac computers).
The safeguard use sound now changesin pitch  depending on how many safeguards you have left. cool.
Updated electron binaries to 3.0.4.

Version 3.0 September 2018
- Added first letter navigation in the main menu.
- Explained in the main menu that you can use page up and down to control music volume as well as first letter navigation.
- Added a new minigame, react
- Added  achievements for react.
- Added explanation for the page up and down keys for the music.
- Moved screen reader option below start game.
- Make new version available menu option launch the oriolgomez.com website.
- Fixed a possible exploit in betting games.
- New minigame, ready set go.
- fixed scoring in the new ready set go minigame
- Added a bunch of soundspacks that were uploaded, please keep uploading new content!